the story is about a town once wholesome
and innocent
Pop's is one of the only places left in
this town but my friends and I can call
our own Veronica Lodge is not a victim
nor will she ever allow herself to be
one hi I'm Cheryl blossom aka Cheryl
bond Shaw
Betty Cooper you are a sight for sore
eyes
thanks for coming to meet me Jughead
Jones head I love you mister I'm weird
I'm weird I was he told him I left him
[Applause]
he's a lot of work that but I'm not for
it if you are Riverdale
2020 small town with a big future dad
this is awesome
I have to stay I wanna stay and I need
your blessing promise me you'll keep
writing I'm not acting out mom
I'm living my life and not loveless
you're not deviant you're sensational
I should probably survive another break
and stay stay no more secrets no more
lies I should have told you sooner maybe
something would have been different
we've all done bad things junk ever
since if I had walked in on this diner
and you're hoping so he's making us do
that
so to recap you're talking to a serial
killer in the Ray and he's been puppet
master you know more darkness you've
been in cahoots with the daddies twin
you tried to kill me Anna rose but your
depraved cabinets are finished no more
evil is over you have no power I have
someone who can help you mom from the
farm
this is Lodge this was all some kind of
test and you passed
welcome to the family Archie G house is
good for us we have the pieces in place
to restore order and safety after the
worst summer ever I want us to have a
great normal Labor Day weekend
[Music]
you